The biggest conflict that I experienced myself was just the distance at
the time, we didn't really used laptop so much. Um, around the 2000
to 2005 frame, Um, I just barely had my first laptop, and I think
we had a well at the time. So we didn't have all the tools like Skype
and Facebook that we have right now. And I think people are still
using letters at that time. So, um ah, large, large part of my military
service, Uh, when I was active, duty was spent overseas. That's
one of the reasons that my family didn't follow me. So, um, trying to
call back home, uh, waiting in a long line. You know, maybe two hours.
You finally get to the to the pay phone on this ship, and then
you use the card and thio kind of like catch up it Z not the same as
just being there in person. So I think that that was a really big challenge
that I had to overcome, um, from being in the service